Update migrate-between-regions.md (#6772)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/getting-started/migrate-between-regions.md

### Step 4: Migrate Media Items

In the following steps, we will migrate media items from the **West EU** blob storage container to the **East US** blob storage container using **AzCopy**.

> 1.  **Download the AzCopy Portable Binary**\
>     Download the AzCopy portable binary from the [official Microsoft AzCopy page](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-use-azcopy-v10#download-azcopy).\
>     Extract the binary to a directory on your local machine and ensure you can run it from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Download AzCopy Portable Binary

1. Download AzCopy Portable Binary from the [official Microsoft AzCopy page](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-use-azcopy-v10#download-azcopy).
2. Extract the binary to a directory on your local machine and ensure you can run it from the command line.
```

> 2.  **Locate the SAS URLs**\
>     Locate the **Shared Access Signature (SAS)** for the **West EU** and **East US** Umbraco projects. These can be found under **Configuration / Connection** in the Umbraco Cloud portal.\
>     Ensure the SAS tokens have sufficient permissions for reading from the **West EU** container and writing to the **East US** container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Locate the SAS URLs

1. Access the Umbraco Cloud Portal for the West EU project.
2. Open the **Connections** page found under **Configuration**.
3. Locate the **Shared Access Signature (SAS)**.
4. Ensure the SAS tokens can read from the **West EU** container.
5. Access the Umbraco Cloud Portal for the East US project.
6. Open the **Connections** page.
7. Locate the **Shared Access Signature (SAS)** and ensure the tokens can write to the **East US** container.
```

> 3.  **Copy the Media Files**\
>     Use the following AzCopy command to transfer the media files directly from the **West EU** container to the **East US** container:
> 
>     `azcopy copy "<West-EU-SAS-URL>" "<East-US-SAS-URL>" --recursive`
> 
>     -   Replace `<West-EU-SAS-URL>` with the SAS URL of the **West EU** blob storage container.
>     -   Replace `<East-US-SAS-URL>` with the SAS URL of the **East US** blob storage container.
>     -   The `--recursive` flag ensures that all files and subfolders are copied.
> 4.  **Verify the File Transfer**\
>     After the transfer, verify the files in the **East US** container using AzCopy:
> 
>     `azcopy list "<East-US-SAS-URL>"`
> 
>     Check that all expected media files have been successfully transferred.
> 
> 5.  **Reload the Project**\
>     Reload the front end and backoffice of the **East US** project to confirm that the images are displayed correctly.
> 
> When the media files have been migrated to the **East US** environment, the migration process is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Copy the Media Files

Use the following AzCopy command to transfer the media files from the **West EU** container to the **East US** container:

`azcopy copy "<West-EU-SAS-URL>" "<East-US-SAS-URL>" --recursive`

- Replace `<West-EU-SAS-URL>` with the SAS URL of the **West EU** blob storage container.
- Replace `<East-US-SAS-URL>` with the SAS URL of the **East US** blob storage container.
- The `--recursive` flag ensures that all files and subfolders are copied.

#### Verify the File Transfer

1. verify the files in the **East US** container using AzCopy:

`azcopy list "<East-US-SAS-URL>"`

2. Check that all expected media files have been successfully transferred.
3. Reload the front end and backoffice of the **East US** project to confirm the images are displayed correctly.

When the media files have been migrated to the **East US** environment, the migration process is complete.
```

> **Recommendation**\
> It is highly recommended to thoroughly review the migrated site to ensure all media items are functioning as expected.

Reviewer: How about we add this to a note instead?
That will make it standout a little more.

```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}
**Recommendation**

It is highly recommended to thoroughly review the migrated site to ensure all media items are functioning as expected.
{% endhint %}

```

Author: sounds good to me

### Step 4: Migrate Media Items

In the following steps, we will migrate media items from the **West EU** blob storage container to the **East US** blob storage container using **AzCopy**.

#### Download AzCopy Portable Binary

1. Download AzCopy Portable Binary from the [official Microsoft AzCopy page](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-use-azcopy-v10#download-azcopy).
2. Extract the binary to a directory on your local machine and ensure you can run it from the command line.

#### Locate the SAS URLs

1. Access the Umbraco Cloud Portal for the West EU project.
2. Open the **Connections** page found under **Configuration**.
3. Locate the **Shared Access Signature (SAS)**.
4. Ensure the SAS tokens can read from the **West EU** container.
5. Access the Umbraco Cloud Portal for the East US project.
6. Open the **Connections** page.
7. Locate the **Shared Access Signature (SAS)** and ensure the tokens can write to the **East US** container.

> 3.  **Copy the Media Files**\
>     Use the following AzCopy command to transfer the media files directly from the **West EU** container to the **East US** container:
> 
>     `azcopy copy "<West-EU-SAS-URL>" "<East-US-SAS-URL>" --recursive`
> 
>     -   Replace `<West-EU-SAS-URL>` with the SAS URL of the **West EU** blob storage container.
>     -   Replace `<East-US-SAS-URL>` with the SAS URL of the **East US** blob storage container.
>     -   The `--recursive` flag ensures that all files and subfolders are copied.
> 4.  **Verify the File Transfer**\
>     After the transfer, verify the files in the **East US** container using AzCopy:
> 
>     `azcopy list "<East-US-SAS-URL>"`
> 
>     Check that all expected media files have been successfully transferred.
> 
> 5.  **Reload the Project**\
>     Reload the front end and backoffice of the **East US** project to confirm that the images are displayed correctly.
> 
> When the media files have been migrated to the **East US** environment, the migration process is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Copy the Media Files

Use the following AzCopy command to transfer the media files from the **West EU** container to the **East US** container:

`azcopy copy "<West-EU-SAS-URL>" "<East-US-SAS-URL>" --recursive`

- Replace `<West-EU-SAS-URL>` with the SAS URL of the **West EU** blob storage container.
- Replace `<East-US-SAS-URL>` with the SAS URL of the **East US** blob storage container.
- The `--recursive` flag ensures that all files and subfolders are copied.

#### Verify the File Transfer

1. verify the files in the **East US** container using AzCopy:
`azcopy list "<East-US-SAS-URL>"`
2. Check that all expected media files have been successfully transferred.
3. Reload the front end and backoffice of the **East US** project to confirm the images are displayed correctly.

The migration process is complete when the media files have been migrated to the **East US** environment.
```

> **Recommendation**\
> It is highly recommended to thoroughly review the migrated site to ensure all media items are functioning as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}
**Recommendation**
It is highly recommended that the migrated site be thoroughly reviewed to ensure all media items function as expected.
{% endhint %}
```
